duck
My daughter can't recognize a duck couple
At the hotel
He probably didn't see my face clearly
He must never know what happened that night
No, nothing.
Just suddenly want to eat duck
Go and buy two ducks for Miss Xia
It's the third master
Miss Xia, do you want to eat roast duck or board duck with sauce?
Or a live duck killed now
Hey, no need.
Then take a check
Ah, Miss Xia
You can fill in the numbers above at will.
No, nothing else.
Actually, I understand the nature of your job
I also know that you are busy with work
It's just whose child is in pain
You're lucky you got him back this time
I don't like to owe favors
I don't like it even more
Have any interaction with people who don't matter
Leave the check to you
You think carefully
You like to pretend, right?
999,999,999 yuan, please pay 9 cents.